Adding info  to reef3d (#1498)
inductiva/inductiva: docs/simulators/Reef3D.md

W 22 -9.81
```

> Observe that parameter ```M 10```, which controls the level of parallism, is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observe that parameter `M 10`, which controls the level of parallelism, is
```

Author: Done

set to 4 threads/vCPUs, a very low number. Depending on the number of vCPUs we
effectively wish to use for running the simulation, we will need to manually
change  ```M 10``` on **both files** to match the specs of corresponding the VM. 
We will be using GCP VMs of the c2d family, which tend to provide a very good 
price-performance point, especially when you run them in spot mode. More 

> specifically, we will be using the larger ```c2d-highcpu-112``` machines with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifically, we will be using the larger `c2d-highcpu-112` machines with
```

Author: done

112 vCPUs and 2GB of RAM per vCPU (this simulation will not require more than
224GB of RAM). 

> We will be setting ```M 10 56``` on both files. Note that this is half the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be setting `M 10 56` on both files. Note that this is half the
```

available number of vCPUs available on the VM (112!). Actually, running on only
half of the vCPUs may provide significantly faster simulation times than running
on all the vCPUs *for some simulators / VM types*. This has to do with the fact

> that these VMs run on processors with hyperthreading, running two threads per 
> physical core. One of the issues with hyperthreading is that it increases
> thread competition for cache (which does is fixed), and this may lead to some
> contention issues for I/O heavy simulators, as seems to be the case for Reef3D.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that these VMs run on processors with hyperthreading, meaning that two threads will run per 
physical core. One of the issues with hyperthreading is that it increases
thread competition for cache (which is fixed), and this may lead to some
contention issues for I/O heavy simulators, as seems to be the case for Reef3D.
```

Author: Done

 cost_per_hour        0.81424               0                 20
 total_num_machines   1                     0                 10
 total_num_vcpus      112                   0                 150

Task status: success
Wall clock time:  0:13:51
Time breakdown:
	Input upload:              0.63 s
	Time in queue:             24.34 s
	Container image download:  3.37 s
	Input download:            0.08 s
	Input decompression:       0.00 s
	Computation:               0:07:38
	Output compression:        0:05:04
	Output upload:             40.08 s
Data:
	Size of zipped output:    3.09 GB
	Size of unzipped output:  7.51 GB
	Number of output files:   35751
```

While the script is running, you can check the stdout of the simulation process
in real time by issuing (please change to the id of your task):

```bash
inductiva logs n90hpbaiaa26jjb1d93zgbqgn
```

The command line above is shown in the execution trace, so you can just
copy and paste it to a new terminal (which needs also to have the API key set
as an environment variable).

Once the script finishes, and you see the summary of the task, you can download
the resulting files. Observe in the summary above that quite some data was 

> produced: 35751 files for a total of 7.51 GB after uncompressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
produced: 35751 files for a total of 7.51 GB before compression.
```

Author: Done
